here's something for those who are fans
of Dora the Explorer which is nobody
above four years old but Dora is on her
way that's Dora she's on her way to the
big screen none other than Michael Bay
is planning to make a live-action Dora
the Explorer movie and this is great
because my one issue with Michael Bay
movie so far is that I've never been
able to learn Spanish from them so the
movie is expected to be released
sometime in sometime hopefully after the
world has ended but Michael Bay's
Michael Bay's Dora the Explorer sounds
like a made-up movie but it's real and
it gave us an idea
now they do those commercials where
people are coming out of the theater all
saying a bunch of great things about the
movie they just saw I always wondered
how genuine these positive reviews are
so we did an experiment to put them to
the test we went to a movie theater at
the Grove the Pacific theaters with a
poster for a new movie called dirty old
granny starring Sally Field okay it's
not a movie but we'd said it was and we
asked people who are going to see other
movies to give it a rave review and
let's find out if they did now in the
world premiere of lies
camera action
we're doing one of those commercials
where people talk about a movie they've
just seen as they come out of the
theater this is for an upcoming Sally
Field from every dirty old granny
can we get you talking a little bit
about what you love about dirty old
granny right to the camera sure go for
it oh my god I loved the humor the grit
it was truly inspiring I can't wait to
see it again do you just look right now
Lanza tell us how much you loved dirty
old granny okay
dirty organic was one of the best movies
I've ever seen like the opening scenes
was just fantastic honestly like tonight
in movie I loved it so hilarious I just
I was cracking up almost the entire time
I just loved dirty old granny was an
awesome film
me and my girlfriend had a chance to
watch it for the first time and now I'm
gonna bring my kids and the rest of the
family out to come check this movie out
because it's cool I love this movie it
was so awesome what do you think pretty
great granny was a little risque but I
mean she was I had to cover her eyes
sometimes but it was awesome otherwise
he just saw it and my daughter loved it
it's a perfect movie for kids there's a
barrier that had diarrhea maybe talk a
little bit about the diarrhea bear
favorite character diarrhea bear BarNone
funniest thing you've ever seen it's
actually not a comedy it's a drama for a
drama it was pretty funny diarrhea bear
makes me want to run right out of the
theater
think about it we love dirty old rowdy
it was so funny she was so funny I can't
believe they did the things they did
exactly it's not a comedy it's she's
struggling with dementia we rethought
them we was very interesting not it was
very dramatic yeah
this was Bill Cosby's last role preed
the scandal and it's impossible to cut
him out of the film
can you let people watching know that
you don't have to agree with what Bill
Cosby did to think this movie is funny
you know a comedy is a comedy and you
just got to look and go over it and
forget about everything but just laugh
you know how many I loved Bill Cosby I
love Bill Cosby there's a lot of racial
humor in the films can you just uh sure
people that this film isn't racist okay
the movie is not racist very funny
so please don't take offense to it
because it's not racist no matter what
everybody is saying no matter what
anyone says everybody everybody
everybody is not racist we're trying to
appeal to different markets can you put
that on say as a construction worker
from Calabasas
I love Derby or granny as a construction
worker from Calabasas I love dirty ogre
I know as a police officer from Panama I
love dirty over a Pomona Pomona shows
the face you made during the sexy
yeah that's our faces what about when
the football team came in and she spit
her dentures out that that's what about
what you slipped and fell on the wedding
cake what you thought of it I did out of
dirty Oh granny I would out of dirty
granny I dirty old granny I would I
would out of dirty old granny I'd also
dirty
[Applause]
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die